and we've produced all the things that go to make civilization—oh, science and art and all that. Do you see?
Gatsby, his hands still in his pockets, was reclining against the mantelpiece in a strained counterfeit of perfect ease, even of boredom.
This above all: To thine own self be true, And it must follow, as the night the day, Thou canst not then be false to any man.
I've found that there is always some beauty left — in nature, sunshine, freedom, in yourself; these can all help you.
I declare after all there is no enjoyment like reading! How much sooner one tires of any thing than of a book! — When I have a house of my own, I shall be miserable if I have not an excellent library.
I must not fear. Fear is the mind-killer. Fear is the little-death that brings total obliteration. I will face my fear. I will permit it to pass over me and through me. And when it has gone past I will turn the inner eye to see its path. Where the fear has gone there will be nothing. Only I will remain.
There is nothing like looking, if you want to find something. You certainly usually find something, if you look, but it is not always quite the something you were after.
Monsters are real, and ghosts are real too. They live inside us, and sometimes, they win.
The purpose of life is not to be happy. It is to be useful, to be honorable, to be compassionate, to have it make some difference that you have lived and lived well.
My name is Ozymandias, King of Kings; Look on my Works, ye Mighty, and despair!
Sometimes you wake up. Sometimes the fall kills you. And sometimes, when you fall, you fly.
There is nothing like looking, if you want to find something. You certainly usually find something, if you look, but it is not always quite the something you were after.
Brave doesn't mean you're not scared. It means you go on even though you're scared.
You can, you should, and if you're brave enough to start, you will.
Reality told us we would fail. But again and again, we fought. We persevered. We rose.
Six months ago I had never been to England, and, certainly, I had never sounded the depths of an English heart. I had known the shallows.
You must try to get rid of the idea that this is Gregor. The fact that we've believed it for so long is the root of all our trouble. But how can it be Gregor?
Shoot all the bluejays you want, if you can hit 'em, but remember it's a sin to kill a mockingbird.
I even move my chair a little to the right. Not mine, not mine, not mine. 